Asst3 - WTF
Vijay Challa (VKC17), Dov Kassai (DK778)

These are the inputs and expected results for each test case outlined in testcases.txt. The full set of test cases can be executed with the command "./WTFTest".

1.	 Input: Create Test
	Output: Failure, no .configure file
	
2.	 Input: Configure localhost 5555
	Output: A .configure file written to the Client's directory
	
3.	 Input: Create Test
	Output: A new folder in the Server's directory called Test containing a file
			called Test.manifest. The Client's directory will also contain the same
			file.
	
4.	 Input: Create Test
	Output: Failure, the Project already exists in the Server's directory
	
5.	 Input: Add Test a.txt, Add Test b.txt, Add c.txt
	Output: Additional entries in the Client's Test.manifest file for each .txt file
	
6.	 Input: Add Test a.txt
	Output: Failure, the file is already being tracked in this Project
	
7.	 Input: Push Test
	Output: Failure, there isn't a Test.commit file
	
8.	 Input: Commit Test
	Output: Both the Client and Server directories will contain the same Test.commit file
			which contains entries for Test.manifest, a.txt, and b.txt
	
9.	 Input: Push Test
	Output: The Server will output all new files to the Test/ directory, update the 
			Test.manifest file, and maintain an archive of push
	
10.	 Input: Commit Test
	Output: Failure, the Client doesn't have any new or modified files in its .manifest
	
11.	 Input: Commit Test
	Output: Both the Client and Server directories will contain the same Test.commit file
			which only has entries for Test.manifest and a.txt
	
12.	 Input: Push Test
	Output: The Server will output the modified a.txt to the Test/ directory, update the
			Test.manifest file, and maintain an archive of the push
	
13.	 Input: Checkout Test
	Output: The Server will send an archive of all files in the Test.manifest file, then
			the Client will extract those files to its directory, and delete the archive.
	
14.	 Input: Upgrade Test
	Output: Failure, there isn't a Test.update file
	
15.	 Input: Update Test
	Output: Failure, there aren't any removed files
	
16.	 Input: Remove Test a.txt, Remove Test b.txt
	Output: The Client's Test.manifest file will not contain the entry for a.txt
	
17.	 Input: Remove Test a.txt
	Output: Failure, a.txt is no longer being tracked by the Client
	
18.	 Input: Update Test
	Output: The Client will write a Test.update file to its directory, containing entries
			for each file that was removed
	
19.	 Input: Upgrade Project
	Output: The Server will send an archive of all the files in the Client's Test.update
			file, then the Client will extract those to its directory, and delete the 
			archive
	
20.	 Input: Update Test
	Output: Failure, the Client will detect a Version Conflict between the files it's
			tracking and those on the server, and output those files to the user.
	
21.	 Input: Currentversion Test
	Output: The Client will display the Server's Test.manifest file
	
22.	 Input: Destroy Test
	Output: The Client will delete its Test.manifest file, and the Server will delete
			the Test/ directory and all files contained in it.
	
23.	 Input: Destroy Test
	Output: Failure, the Project no longer exists on the Server
